Update old wiki links (#149544)
flutter/flutter: CONTRIBUTING.md

We grant commit access (which includes full rights to the issue
database, such as being able to edit labels) to people who have gained
our trust and demonstrated a commitment to Flutter. For more details
see the [Contributor access](./docs/contributing/Contributor-access.md)

> page on our wiki.

Reviewer: Not on the wiki. "in our docs."?

> page on our wiki.

Author: ```suggestion
page in our docs.
```

   which describes the steps you need to configure your computer to
   work on Flutter's framework. Flutter's framework mainly uses Dart.

3. [Tree hygiene](./docs/contributing/Tree-hygiene.md),
   which covers how to land a PR, how to do code review, how to
   handle breaking changes, how to handle regressions, and how to
   handle post-commit test failures.

4. [Our style guide](./docs/contributing/Style-guide-for-Flutter-repo.md),
   which includes advice for designing APIs for Flutter, and how to
   format code in the framework.

5. [Flutter design doc template](https://flutter.dev/go/template),
   which should be used when proposing a new technical design.  This is a good
   practice to do before coding more intricate changes.
   See also our [guidance for writing design docs](./docs/contributing/Design-Documents.md).

[![How to contribute to Flutter](https://img.youtube.com/vi/4yBgOBAOx_A/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yBgOBAOx_A)

In addition to the documents, there is a video linked above on **How to contribute to Flutter**
from the [Flutter](https://youtube.com/c/flutterdev) YouTube channel,

> there are many pages on [our Wiki](./docs/README.md),

Reviewer: in our docs?

Author: ```suggestion
there are many pages in [our docs](./docs/README.md),
```
